ReadMe.md, before:

# derperview

Performs a non-linear horizontal stretch to convert a 4:3 video to a 16:9 one, without the usual short-and-fat result.

This probably works best with visual aids, so in short it does this:

![ttiuwp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banelle/derperview/master/doc/0_original.jpg "yuck 4:3")
![ttiuwp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banelle/derperview/master/doc/1_derped.jpg "yummy derped 16:9")

## Download

[Derperview v0.5](https://github.com/banelle/derperview/releases/download/v0.5/derperview.zip)

## Usage

```derperview [--stfu] INPUT_FILE```

Output is always H264, AAC and MP4. Input should be more flexible but the pixel format must be either YUV420P, or YUVJ420P. If you use something with a variable framerate then wacky things will occur.

The --stfu option suppresses the naturally chatty nature of libav. By default libav will dump a bunch of information that you might not care about, and can make derperview's error messages harder to see.

## Dependencies

- libav (the ffmpeg fork, not the libav one)

Included in the binary releases, but you'll need to download the libs if you want to build from source.

## Issues, Suggestions and Comments

If you have any problems getting the application to run, or want to contact me for any other reason then please use the following thread on IntoFPV:

[IntoFPV thread](https://intofpv.com/t-derperview-a-command-line-superview-alternative)

Please don't be offended if I don't implement your idea or fix your bug. This is - first and foremost - a tool that works for me. I have limited time to work on stuff, and I'd probably rather be spending it flying ;-)

## Known Issues

- The output framerate is normally off by a tiny amount. I suspect it's something to do with the way I'm handing timebases and frame timestamps, but I don't care enough to fix it. The editing package will take care of it eventually.

Commit message:

Can now specify number of processing threads via command line

ReadMe.md, after:

# derperview

Performs a non-linear horizontal stretch to convert a 4:3 video to a 16:9 one, without the usual short-and-fat result.

This probably works best with visual aids, so in short it does this:

![ttiuwp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banelle/derperview/master/doc/0_original.jpg "yuck 4:3")
![ttiuwp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/banelle/derperview/master/doc/1_derped.jpg "yummy derped 16:9")

## Download

[Derperview v0.5](https://github.com/banelle/derperview/releases/download/v0.5/derperview.zip)

## Usage

```derperview [--stfu] [--threads NUM] INPUT_FILE```

Output is always H264, AAC and MP4. Input should be more flexible in terms of container and codec, but the pixel format must be either YUV420P, or YUVJ420P. If you use something with a variable framerate then wacky things will occur.

The --stfu option suppresses the naturally chatty nature of libav. By default libav will dump a bunch of information that you might not care about, and can make derperview's error messages harder to see.

derperview uses multiple threads to speed up processing. By default it uses 4, but you can specify how many you want using the --threads parameter. Yes, you can set it to 0. Expect to wait a while for it to finish.

## Dependencies

- libav (the ffmpeg fork, not the libav one)

Included in the binary releases, but you'll need to download the libs if you want to build from source. I'm currently building against Zeranoe's _ffmpeg-4.1.3-win32-shared_.

## Issues, Suggestions and Comments

If you have any problems getting the application to run, or want to contact me for any other reason then please use the following thread on IntoFPV:

[IntoFPV thread](https://intofpv.com/t-derperview-a-command-line-superview-alternative)

Please don't be offended if I don't implement your idea or fix your bug. This is - first and foremost - a tool that works for me. I have limited time to work on stuff, and I'd probably rather be spending it flying ;-)

## Known Issues

- The output framerate is normally off by a tiny amount. I suspect it's something to do with the way I'm handing timebases and frame timestamps, but I don't care enough to fix it. The editing package will take care of it eventually.
